[docs] Documentation of how to preview changes (#16)
openjdk/babylon-docs: README.md

See https://openjdk.org/ for more information about the OpenJDK
Community and the JDK.

## How to preview babylon-docs in your browser?

To preview your changes, you can use the 
[OpenJDK Web Page Generator](https://github.com/mbreinhold/ojweb-generate.git).

Instructions:

```bash
cd babylon-docs/site/
git clone https://github.com/mbreinhold/ojweb-generate.git
echo 'include ojweb-generate/Makefile' > Makefile

make 
make preview
```

Then, visit `localhost:8081` in your browser. 

> To see the preview new modifications once the server has started:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To preview changes once the server has started:
```
